Doubt and fear surround me—
The way ahead not clear.
Through uncertainty you guide me;
I know you’re always near.
Life may not be easy,
But this I know is true:
You’re the God who’s ever loyal;
My life is safe with you.
Jehovah, give me eyes of faith
And help me always see
There are more with us than against us.
Courageous let me be.
Courage, give me courage;
With courage, I’ll endure.
Jehovah, give me courage;
Your victory is sure.
Feeling fear is human.
In my own strength, I’m frail.
You have been my rock and refuge;
Your power never fails.
Help me be courageous,
And let my heart be brave.
Lasting harm can never hold me—
No prison, gate, or grave.
Jehovah, give me eyes of faith
And help me always see
There are more with us than against us.
Courageous let me be.
Courage, give me courage;
With courage, I’ll endure.
Jehovah, give me courage;
Your victory is sure.
Look around us now;
See the love on each face—
Out there in the world, hard to find.
All these faithful friends
With the love they all show,
Glad to leave that old world behind.
Love never fails; that’s promised.
It always will endure.
Love—unfailing love—
That’s what Jehovah gives.
That’s what he is.
Love—unfailing love—
That’s what we need to live.
And the love here today,
In our heart may it stay—
Love—unfailing love—
That’s what Jehovah gives.
That’s what he is.
Love—unfailing love—
That’s what we need to live.
And the love here today,
In our heart may it stay—
Unfailing love,
Unfailing love.
Why should I fear the lion?
Why should I fear any foe?
With Jehovah by my side,
I will not run and hide.
My God is with me; this I know.
With eyes of faith,
I see beyond the darkness.
there’s nothing more to fear.
With Jehovah, I am strong,
Determined to go on,
Knowing that my God is always near—
With eyes of faith.
I see the wondrous future
God has in store for me.
I need to be strong.
I know it won’t be long
Till Jehovah claims his victory.
With eyes of faith,
I see beyond the darkness.
there’s nothing more to fear.
With Jehovah, I am strong,
Determined to go on,
Knowing that my God is always near—
With eyes of faith,
With eyes of faith.
The stars that fill the summer night
Look down from above.
The beauty of the day and night
You fashioned with love.
Your hands prepared the land and sea,
And ev’rything that came to be
Brought joy to your heart.
There is joy in your creation,
In the message of salvation,
And the Paradise to come.
But to have your love forever
Is a real and lasting treasure.
You alone will prove to be
Our joy eternally.
This joy could not be ours
Without the gift of your Son.
His sacrifice has paid the price
So joy could be ours for all time.
There is joy in your creation,
In the message of salvation,
And the Paradise to come.
But to have your love forever
Is a real and lasting treasure.
You alone will prove to be
Our joy eternally.